hey guys today i'm going to answer the
question should i use automatic
placements on my facebook ads and before
we get started
lightly tap the like button so i can
know that you guys are enjoying this
content so essentially what automatic
placements does
it allows facebook to choose where to
show your ads
you can make this choice in the ad set
section of your facebook ads here you're
going to be able to choose between
automatic placements or
manual placements and when you choose
automatic placements boom you're done
you're leaving the magic to facebook but
when you select manual you actually have
to tell facebook where you want your ads
to run
so for manual placements you'll have
your choice between four platforms
either facebook instagram the audience
network or messenger
and you'll also select the placement
inside of those so you'll have the
choice between
the feed stories and a few others
so should you use automatic placements
my answer is yes
i have always found that i get better
performance when i don't restrict
facebook
so allowing facebook to actually choose
where they think it's
best to show my ad has always given me
better results
with one exception particularly when i'm
making creative that's made especially
for instagram stories so when i have
specific instagram stories content i do
like to segment that
out and the way that that ad set would
actually look like is i would have one
ad set that's just for instagram stories
and another ad set that has
all the placements selected except for
instagram stories
i will note though that even though i
always use automatic placements i'm
always really careful to make sure
that my instagram feed and my facebook
feed ads
look okay because sometimes when you're
using the instagram feed what it'll
actually do is it'll take the headline
you're using for your facebook ads and
it'll put it as the first line
so i'm always really careful to go
through look at the copy on my instagram
feed
and then edit it and edit placements in
the ad section
so yeah i almost always use automatic
placements except for instagram stories
or if i'm working for a client that only
wants to advertise
on instagram or only advertise on
facebook another thing i'd like to note
though is that
this strategy is actually a lot
different than it was a few years ago
even up to about one year to 18 months
ago
i was almost always segmenting my ad
sets by placement so i would have one ad
set for instagram another for facebook
and sometimes even dividing it between
facebook mobile and facebook desktop but
these days in 2020 the facebook
algorithm
is a lot smarter and i'm finding a lot
better results
by just using automatic placements okay
guys and that's all thank you so much
for this
super short and quick video if you guys
have any questions please leave them in
the comments below okay thanks bye